Relax, we have a peace of
mind home service contract for you
HOME SERVICE CONTRACT RESCUE
-- 1 of 7 --
Email: info@geogasservices.uk
www.geogasservices.uk
“Whichever GEO GAS home
contract you choose, you can rest
assured that our service contract
will look after you and your home”
JUST SOME OF OUR PACKAGE BENEFITS
✓ 	Annual boiler service
✓ 	Heating & plumbing
✓ 	24/7 helpline
✓ 	24hr response time
(unless Elderly or children under the age of 4 then it will be sooner)
✓ 	No extra charges on heating, plumbing
✓ 	No extra charges for drainage claims
✓ 	Gas Safe Registered
✓ 	Unlimited call outs (excluding drains)
✓ 	All parts and labour covered*
✓ 	New parts always used
✓ 	Peace of mind that GEO Gas
has £5 million liability cover
✓ 	Landlord packages available
Includes landlord safety inspection Including inspection on all gas
appliances and pipework. Includes certificates.
01444 212395
07854 451941
Avoid the hassle and unexpected
central heating breakdowns with us
by your side, if you want complete
peace of mind and complete service
contract for your home, choose
GEO GAS Services.
This booklet gives you everything
you need to know about the service
contracts we have in place. All
contracts are subject to our service
& repair terms which can be found
in our terms and conditions and on
our website
If you have any questions about
these contracts then please do not
hesitate to contact us.
Aaron Stewart, CEO, Founder
£35PER
MONTH
PRICES
FROM
-- 2 of 7 --
Our peace of mind contracts
Boiler & Central Heating System
✓ Gas fired central heating boiler,
flue and controls
✓ Thermostats, heating controls,
circulating pumps and motorised
valves
✓ Time clock or programmer
✓ Hot water, feeds, expansion
tanks, cylinders and immersions
✓ Radiator and valves
✓ Pipes and fittings
Heating & boiler cover £1500 max per claim
Annual boiler service
✓ A visual check of the boiler
✓ The boiler being fired safely to
identify any working faults
✓ A flue gas analysis efficiency test
✓ Opening up the boiler and
inspecting it if necessary
✓ Checking the flue and ventilation
are following Gas Safety
(Installation and Use)
Regulations
✓ Checking and adjusting the
system pressure
✓ Cleaning the condensate trap
✓ Visually checking and bleeding
radiators, if necessary
✓ A visual check of the hot water
cylinder
✓ Confirmation in writing that the
service has been carried out
The Annual boiler service does not
form part of the contract
GEO
STARTER
What’s covered
✘ Pre-existing, system design or installation faults
✘ Underfloor heating and controls
✘ Repairs are limited to £300 in the first
three months of your service contract
✘ If your boiler is 7 years old or more when you
take out the policy, your monthly premium will
increase by £2.00
✘ Damage caused by weather or freezing
✘ Repair or replacement of the boiler should the
engineer determine that it is
beyond economical repair or if new
manufacturer or manufacturer-approved
replacement parts are not available for the
make/model of the boiler specified in your
policy schedule
✘ Damage caused by or arising from sludge,
scale and other debris in the central heating
system and related pipework
✘ Damage arising as a result of disconnection
from, re-connection to or interruption of the
gas or water mains services to your home
✘ Any water supply pipe or fresh water and
gas pipework beneath or inside any building or
outbuildings that can not be Accessible.
✘ Shared drains
✘ Damage caused when your home is
unoccupied for more than 30 days in a row
✘ We do not cover Guest Houses/B&Bs
Things we don’t cover
All contracts include 24/7 helpline
Call: 01444 212395
Our Starter package covers your
boiler, central heating. You also get
an annual boiler service too.
24hr
call out
Guaranteed
01444 212395
07854 451941	www.geogasservices.uk
Buy our contracts online or call us
-- 3 of 7 --
Our peace of mind contracts
Boiler & Central Heating System
✓ Gas fired central heating boiler,
flue and controls
✓ Thermostats, heating controls,
circulating pumps & motorised valves
✓ Time clock or programmer
✓ Hot water, feeds, expansion
tanks, cylinders and immersions
✓ Radiator and valves, pipes and fittings
Heating & boiler cover £1500 max per claim
Plumbing
✓ The hot and cold water pipes internal
to your home between the stopcock
and your taps or appliances. £60 extra
charges for all taps and toilets
Water Supply
✓ From and including internal stopcock
Providing outside stopcock is available
and working to supply point. (only
pipes that can be Accessible) £1000
max claim
Annual boiler service
✓ A visual check of the boiler
✓ The boiler being fired safely to
identify any working faults
✓ A flue gas analysis efficiency test
✓ Opening up the boiler and
inspecting it if necessary
✓ Checking the flue and ventilation
are following Gas Safety
(Installation and Use)
Regulations
✓ Checking and adjusting the
system pressure
✓ Cleaning the condensate trap
✓ Visually checking and bleeding
radiators, if necessary
✓ A visual check of the hot water
cylinder
✓ Confirmation in writing that the
service has been carried out
The Annual boiler service does not
form part of the contract
Internal drains
✓ Blocked or leaking internal
drains and waste pipes.
£1,000 claim limit
GEO
COMPLETE
What’s covered
✘ Pre-existing, system design or installation faults
✘ Underfloor heating and controls
✘ Repairs are limited to £300 in the first
three months of your service contract
✘ If your boiler is 7 years old or more when you
take out the policy, your monthly premium will
increase by £2.00
✘ Damage caused by weather or freezing
✘ Repair or replacement of the boiler should the
engineer determine that it is
beyond economical repair or if new
manufacturer or manufacturer approved
replacement parts are not available for the
make/model of the boiler specified in your
policy schedule
✘ Damage caused by or arising from sludge,
scale and other debris in the central heating
system and related pipework
✘ Damage arising as a result of disconnection
from, re-connection to or interruption of the
gas or water mains to your home
✘ Any water supply pipe or fresh water and
gas pipework beneath or inside any building or
outbuildings that can not be Accessible.
✘ Shared drains
✘ Damage caused when your home is unoccupied
for more than 30 days in a row
✘ We do not cover Guest Houses/B&Bs
Things we don’t cover
All contracts include 24/7 helpline
Call: 01444 212395
Our complete service contract has
all the same fantastic benefits of
our Starter service contract but for
extra peace of mind and cover it also
includes your gas and water supply
pipe, plumbing and internal drains.
01444 212395
07854 451941	www.geogasservices.uk
Buy our contracts online or call us
24hr
call out
Guaranteed
-- 4 of 7 --
Terms & Conditions
Contract comprises:
(a) The Services Brochure.
(b) The Contract Details.
(c) These Conditions.
(d) The Order Confirmation (and any subsequent Order
Confirmation(s)).
SUPPLY OF MAINTAINANCE & REPAIR SERVICES – TERMS &
CONDITIONS
Part 1 – Contract Details:
Call Out: 	Any request by a Customer to the Supplier to carry out
any Services under a Services Contract.
Conditions:The terms and conditions governing the Services or Work
set out in part 2 below.
Contract: The contract between you (the Customer) and us (the
supplier) for the Services or Work which comprises the Order
Confirmation and the Conditions.
Charges: The charges payable by you for the supply of the Services
by us which are:
a) confirmed in our Order Confirmation (including in any subsequent
Order Confirmation to the Customer prior to continuation of any
Services Contract for more than 12 months under clause 4 (a) of the
Conditions).
b) payable immediately on completion if they relate to Excluded Work.
c) payable by equal monthly instalments on the 1st day of each
calendar month for Service Contract Work (the first such payment to
be made on first day of the next calendar month after the Contract Start
Date)
Contract Start Date: The date the contract between us for the Work
starts as set out in the Order Confirmation.
Customer: The person named in the Order Confirmation (also referred
to in these conditions as ‘You’)
Customer’s address: The address set out in the Order Confirmation.
Excluded Work: Any Work which is not Service Contract Work.
Order Confirmation: Any confirmation by us to you of any agreed
Services Contract or Work (which may be verbal provided it is then
confirmed in writing).
Parts: Any existing component(s) which form part of the System and
any which are required to complete any Work other than Excluded
Parts.
Supplier: Geo Gas Services London Limited (Company No. 09115378)
whose registered office address is 84 High Street Harlesden, London,
NW10 4SJ
Services: The services under the Services Contract detailed in the
Order Confirmation including any Work required under any Call Out.
Services Contract: Any Contract to inspect, repair and maintain your
System on receipt of a Call Out which is to continue for 12 months
(or more) and includes our Geo Starter Contract, Geo Complete
Contact and Landlords Complete Contract (as specified in our Order
Confirmation) and detailed in the Services Brochure.
System The central heating and/or hot water system (including the
boiler and radiators) on which the Work are to be or have been carried
out by us (which in the case of a new system is specified in the Order
Confirmation).
Work: Any work carried out or to be carried out by us to your System
for you, including the supply and fitting of any Parts or any new
System or any Annual Service, under a Work Contract or a Services
Contract (as specified in our Order Confirmation).
Work Contract Any Contract which is not a Services Contract and
includes any Contract for Excluded Work.
Part 2 - Conditions:
1. This Contract is made up of the following:
(a) The Order Confirmation.
(b) The Services Brochure.
(c) The Contract Details.
(d) These Conditions.
2. If there is any conflict or ambiguity between the terms of the
documents listed in paragraph 1, a term contained in a document
higher in the list shall have priority over one contained in a document
lower in the list.
3. The Contract is for Works and/or Services (as specified in the Order
Confirmation) and is not a contract for insurance of the System or any
Parts or Excluded Parts or any Services or Works.
Agreed terms
3. Interpretation
3.1 Definitions:
Annual Service: The servicing of the System in each 12 month period
in accordance with the manufacturers requirements.
Business Day: a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday)
when banks in the England are open for business.
Economic Repair: The cost of Parts from the Supplier’s usual
merchants (including VAT) which does not exceed 75% of the price
of a boiler of the same or similar make and model to the boiler used
in the System.
Emergency Call Out: A Call Out which is required to remedy: a) water
leaking from the System in quantities likely to cause material damage to
the contents or structure of the Customer’s premises if not remedied
within 24 hours or; b) a System which is not providing heat and/or hot
water in circumstances where: i) the Customer is elderly or has any
children under the age of 4 years and ii) the System is the Customer’s
only or primary source of heating and/or hot water for their premises.
Excluded Parts: Any of the following: under floor heating or controls,
Parts which: (i) are damaged by weather or freezing or sludge or scale
or debris or vermin or insects or due to the Customer’s premises being
unoccupied for more than 30 continuous days or; (ii) are damaged
through dis-connection or re-connection to the mains or interruption
of the mains or; (iii) are the responsibility of any utility provider
or person other than the Customer or; (iv) are pipes beneath any
building or out building or are shared with any neighbour or separate
household or; (v) are damaged through accidental damage and/or
damage in respect of which the Customer or another person is insured
for the repair or replacement of such Parts or; (v) are subject to latent
pre-existing defects or design faults at the Contract Start Date or; (vi)
which are specified as approved for the System but are no longer
generally manufactured or supplied by UK plumbing merchants or: (vii)
are electrical or electronic parts or components and/or wiring and/
or parts which can only be lawfully inspected, serviced, repaired or
replaced by a suitably qualified electrician or; (viii) any Parts which are
required to be replaced due to any legislative or regulatory change or
manufacturer’s guidance issued after the Contract Start Date or; (viii)
any parts in or comprising a remote control central heating system,
designed to operate the System by mobile phone and/or other device
or; any filter or similar device for the purpose of removing sludge, scale
or other debris from the System.
Fair Call-out Value: The maximum value of the Services to be provided
under a Services Contract in any 12 month period which shall (unless a
different sum is agreed in the Order Confirmation) be £1,500 (ex VAT).
Services Brochure: The Supplier’s brochure detailing the types of
Services Contracts available at the Contract Start Date as provided to
the Customer prior to that date.
3.2 Interpretation:
(a) A reference to a statute or statutory provision is a reference to it as
amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time. A reference to a
statute or statutory provision includes any subordinate legislation made
from time to time under that statute or statutory provision.
(b) Any words following the terms including, include, in particular, for
example or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and
shall not limit the sense of the words, description, definition, phrase or
term preceding those terms.
(c) A reference to writing or written includes email.
4. Commencement and term
Each Contract shall commence on the Contract Start Date and:
(a) in the case of any Services Contract shall continue for 12 months,
unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms, and shall then
continue until either party gives to the other written notice to terminate,
expiring on or after the first (and each subsequent) anniversary of the
Services Start Date;
(b) The notice to terminate under the preceding clause 4(a) shall be
either:
(i) With immediate effect if from the Customer to the Supplier
and given within 15 Business Days of receipt the Supplier’s Order
Confirmation confirming any change in the Charges for any period after
any anniversary of the Services Start Date (in which event the change
in the Charges shall not apply); or
(ii) With effect from 3 months of the giving of such notice by either
party to the other party.
(c) in the case of any Work Contract shall, unless terminated earlier
in accordance with its terms, continue until the Work has been
completed.
5. Supply of services
5.1 The Supplier shall carry out all Services for the Customer from the
Services Start Date in accordance with the Services Contract.
5.2 The Supplier shall carry out all Work for the Customer from the
Services Start Date in accordance with the Work Contract.
5.3 Subject to the conditions set out in clause 5.5, the Supplier shall:
(a) perform the Services or Work with reasonable care and skill;
(b) use reasonable endeavours to perform the Services or Work in
accordance with the Contract;
(c) comply with all applicable laws, statutes, regulations and codes
from time to time in force provided that the Supplier shall not be liable
under the Contract if, as a result of such compliance, it is in breach of
any of its obligations under the Contract;
(d) observe all reasonable health and safety rules and regulations and
security requirements that apply at any of the Customer’s premises and
have been communicated to the Supplier, provided that the Supplier
shall not be liable under the Contract if, as a result of such observation,
it is in breach of any of its obligations under the Contract.
5.4 Unless otherwise expressly agreed in any Order Confirmation,
when providing any Services or Work under a Contract the Supplier
shall not be required to:
(a) Repair or replace any Excluded Parts; or
(b) In the case of a Services Contract, carry out Services which
exceeds in value (based on the Supplier’s prevailing rates for applicable
labour and parts) the Fair Call-out Value; or
(c) Carry out any Services or Works to any System when its is beyond
Economic Repair.
5.5 Time shall not be of the essence for the Supplier to carry out
any Services or Work save that the Supplier shall use all reasonable
endeavours in respect of any Emergency Call Out to ensure:
(a) If the System is leaking water, that the leak is stopped (which may
mean turning off the mains supply until any Parts can be repaired or
replaced) within 24 hours of the Call Out; and
(b) Repairing or replacing any Parts as soon as reasonably possible
and, wherever possible, within 48 hours.
6. Customer’s obligations
6.1 The Customer shall:
(a) not require any Services or Work under any Contract unless they
are the owner of the premises in which the System is installed or is
to be installed or (if not the case) have obtained the Owners consent
to the Contract for such Services or Work and each Call Out under a
Services Contract.
(b) co-operate with the Supplier in all matters relating to the Services
or Work;
(c) provide, for the Supplier, its agents, subcontractors, consultants
and employees, in a timely manner and at no charge, access to the
Customer’s premises and other facilities as reasonably required by the
Supplier (including electricity for power tools, adequate lighting, use of
a WC and a parking space or permit, where required);
(d) provide, in a timely manner, such information as the Supplier may
reasonably require, and ensure that it is accurate and complete in all
material respects; and
(e) ensure the Supplier can carry out the Services or Work with all
necessary tools and equipment without distraction, interruption or risk
to the safety of the Supplier’s personnel.
(f) not carry out any Work to the System during the period of any
Services Contract (nor allow any other person to do so except the
Supplier) unless agreed by the Supplier in writing.
(g) Not transfer the benefit (or obligations) any Contract to any other
person without the Supplier’s prior written consent.
6.2 If the Supplier’s performance of its obligations under the Contract
is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of the Customer, its
agents, subcontractors, consultants or employees, the Supplier shall:
(a) not be liable for any costs, charges or losses sustained or incurred
by the Customer that arise directly or indirectly from such prevention
or delay;
(b) be entitled to payment of the Charges despite any such prevention
or delay; and
(c) be entitled to recover any additional costs, charges or losses the
Supplier sustains or incurs that arise directly or indirectly from such
prevention or delay.
01444 212395
07854 451941	www.geogasservices.uk
Buy our contracts online or call us
-- 5 of 7 --
Terms & Conditions
7. Charges and payment
7.1 In consideration for the provision of the Services or Work, the
Customer shall pay the Supplier the Charges in accordance with this
clause 7.
7.2 All amounts payable by the Customer exclude amounts in respect
of value added tax (VAT), which the Customer shall additionally be
liable to pay to the Supplier at the prevailing rate (if applicable), subject
to receipt of a valid VAT invoice.
7.3 The Supplier shall submit its invoices for the Charges plus VAT if
applicable to the Customer:
(a) Within one month of the Contract Start Date for all the Charges
payable under a Services Contract (but which shall be payable by
monthly instalments as set out in the Order Confirmation).
(b) Within one month of the anniversary of the Contract Start Date for
all the Charges payable under a Services Contract which continues for
more than 12 months of the first such anniversary (but which shall be
payable by monthly instalments as set out in the Order Confirmation).
(c) upon completion of the Work for all the Charges payable under a
Work Contract (which shall be payable immediately by the Customer
upon receipt).
7.4 The Customer shall pay each invoice due and submitted to it by the
Supplier to a bank account nominated in writing by the Supplier (and in
the case of a Services Contract by direct debit or standing order).
7.5 If the Customer fails to make any payment due to the Supplier
under the Contract by the due date for payment, then, without limiting
the Supplier’s remedies under clause 9 (Termination):
(a) the Customer shall pay interest on the overdue sum from the
due date until payment of the overdue sum, whether before or after
judgment. Interest under this clause will accrue each day at 15% a year
above the Bank of England base rate from time to time; and
(b) the Supplier may suspend all Services or Work until payment has
been made in full; and
(c) the Supplier can in writing require the Customer to pay in full all
Charges payable under a Service Contract immediately (and in this
event the Customer shall lose the right to pay the Charges by monthly
instalments under the Services Contract).
7.6 All amounts due under the Contract from the Customer to the
Supplier shall be paid by in full without any set-off, counterclaim,
deduction or withholding (other than any deduction or withholding of
tax as required by law).
8. Limitation of liability
8.1 The Supplier has obtained insurance cover in respect of its own
legal liability for individual claims not exceeding £5m (five million
pounds) per claim or in the aggregate for all claims arising under any
Contract. The limits and exclusions in this clause reflect the insurance
cover the Supplier has been able to arrange and the Customer is
responsible for making its own arrangements for the insurance of any
excess loss.
8.2 Nothing in the Contract limits any liability which cannot legally be
limited, including but not limited to liability for:
(a) death or personal injury caused by negligence;
(b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; and
8.3 Subject to clause 8.1 and clause 8.2, the Supplier’s total liability
to the Customer shall not exceed the higher of either the amount
insured for under clause 8.2 in respect of such liability (or if less the
amount the Supplier’s insurer’s agree to pay in accordance with their
obligations) or the total Charges in the contract year in which the
breaches occurred.
For the purposes of this clause 8.3:
(a) contract year. A contract year means a 12-month period
commencing with the date of the Contract or any anniversary of it;
(b) total charges. The total charges means all sums paid by the
Customer and all sums payable under the Contract in respect of Works
or Services actually supplied by the Supplier, whether or not invoiced
to the Customer; and
(c) total liability. The Supplier’s total liability includes liability in
contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or
otherwise, arising under or in connection with the Contract.
8.4 This clause 8.5 sets out specific heads of excluded loss and
exceptions from them:
(a) Subject to clause 8.2 and clause 8.3, the types of loss listed in
clause 8.4(b) are wholly excluded by the parties
(b) The following types of loss are wholly excluded:
(i) Loss of profits.
(ii) Loss of sales or business.
(iii) Loss of agreements or contracts.
(iv) Loss of anticipated savings.
(v) Loss of use or corruption of software, data or information.
(vi) Loss of or damage to goodwill.
(vii) Indirect or consequential loss.
8.5 Unless the Customer notifies the Supplier that they intend to make
a claim in respect of an event within the notice period the Supplier shall
have no liability for that event. The notice period for an event shall start
on the day on which the Customer became, or ought reasonably to
have become, aware of the event having occurred and shall expire six
months from that date. The notice must be in writing and must identify
the event and the grounds for the claim in reasonable detail.
9. Termination
9.1 Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it, either
party to the Contract may terminate it with immediate effect by giving
written notice to the other party if:
(a) the other party commits a material breach of any term of the
Contract and (if such breach is remediable) fails to remedy that breach
within a period of 15 Business Days after being notified in
writing to do so;
(b) the other party takes any step or action in connection with its
entering administration, provisional liquidation or any composition
or arrangement with its creditors (other than in relation to a solvent
restructuring), being wound up (whether voluntarily or by order of
the court, unless for the purpose of a solvent restructuring), having a
receiver appointed to any of its assets or ceasing to carry on business
or, if the step or action is taken in another jurisdiction, in connection
with any analogous procedure in the relevant jurisdiction;
(c) the other party suspends, or threatens to suspend, or ceases or
threatens to cease to carry on all or a substantial part of its business; or
(d) the other party’s financial position deteriorates to such an extent
that in the terminating party’s opinion the other party’s capability to
adequately fulfil its obligations under the Contract has been placed in
jeopardy.
9.2 Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it, the
Supplier may terminate the Contract with immediate effect by giving
written notice to the Customer if the Customer fails to pay any amount
due under the Contract on the due date for payment.
9.3 On termination of the Contract for whatever reason:
(a) the Customer shall immediately pay to the Supplier all of the
Supplier’s outstanding unpaid invoices and interest and, in respect of
Services supplied but for which no invoice has been submitted, the
Supplier may submit an invoice, which shall be payable immediately on
receipt;
(b) any provision of the Contract that expressly or by implication is
intended to come into or continue in force on or after termination or
expiry of the Contract shall remain in full force and effect; and
(c) termination or expiry of the Contract shall not affect any of the
rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities of the parties that have
accrued up to the date of termination or expiry, including the right to
claim damages in respect of any breach of the Contract which existed
at or before the date of termination [or expiry].
10. General
10.1 Force majeure. Neither party shall be in breach of the Contract
nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its
obligations under the Contract if such delay or failure result from
events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.
10.2 Assignment and other dealings.
(a) The Customer shall not assign, transfer, charge, subcontract,
declare a trust over or deal in any other manner with any or all of its
rights and obligations under the Contract without the Supplier’s prior
written consent.
(b) The Supplier may at any time assign, transfer, charge, subcontract,
declare a trust over or deal in any other manner with any or all of its
rights under the Contract.
10.3 Entire agreement.
(a) The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
and supersedes and extinguishes all previous agreements, promises,
assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between
them, whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter.
(b) Each party acknowledges that in entering into the Contract it does
not rely on and shall have no remedies in respect of any statement,
representation, assurance or warranty (whether made innocently or
negligently) that is not set out in the Contract. Each party agrees that
it shall have no claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation or
negligent misstatement based on any statement in the Contract.
10.4 Variation. No variation of the Contract shall be effective
unless it is in writing and signed by the parties (or their authorised
representatives).
10.5 Waiver.
(a) A waiver of any right or remedy under the Contract or by law is
only effective if given in writing and shall not be deemed a waiver of
any subsequent right or remedy.
(b) A failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy
provided under the Contract or by law shall not constitute a waiver of
that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it prevent or restrict any
further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or
partial exercise of any right or remedy provided under the Contract or
by law shall prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other
right or remedy.
10.6 Severance. If any provision or part-provision of the Contract
is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed
modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and
enforceable. If such modification is not possible, the relevant provision
or part-provision shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or
deletion of a provision or part-provision under this clause shall not
affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of the Contract.
10.7 Notices.
(a) Any notice or other communication given to a party under or in
connection with the Contract shall be in writing and shall be:
(i) delivered by hand or by pre-paid first-class post or other next
working day delivery service at its registered office (if a company) or
its principal place of business (if an unincorporated business) or home
address (if an individual non-business customer); or
(ii) sent by email to an email address provided by that party.
(b) Any notice or communication shall be deemed to have been
received:
(i) if delivered by hand, at the time the notice is left at the proper
address;
(ii) if sent by pre-paid national postal mail or other next working
day delivery service, at 11.00 am on the second Business Day after
posting;
(iii) if sent by email, at the time of transmission, or, if this time falls
outside business hours in the place of receipt, when business hours
resume. In this clause 10.8(b)(iv), business hours means 9.00am to
5.00pm Monday to Friday on a day that is not a public holiday in the
place of receipt.
(c) This clause does not apply to the service of any proceedings
or other documents in any legal action or, where applicable, any
arbitration or other method of dispute resolution.
10.8 Third party rights.
(a) The Contract does not give rise to any rights for a third party to
enforce any term of the Contract.
(b) The rights of the parties to terminate or vary the Contract are not
subject to the consent of any other person.
10.9 Governing law. The Contract, and any dispute or claim (including
non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection
with it or its subject matter or formation, shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with the laws of England.
10.10 Jurisdiction. Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of
England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim
(including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in
connection with the Contract or its subject matter or formation.
01444 212395
07854 451941	www.geogasservices.uk
Buy our contracts online or call us
-- 6 of 7 --
Proud of our 5 star reputation
Email: info@geogasservices.uk
www.geogasservices.uk
01444 212395
07854 451941
-- 7 of 7 --